Expand project guidelines (#8314)
ComplianceAsCode/content: docs/manual/developer/04_style_guide.md

* Should use the [merge commit method](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/about-pull-request-merges)
* Should use the GitHub Web UI to document and ensure code reviews are done correctly

## General Coding Style

Prioritize the human-readability of code to its machine efficiency.
In practice, this implies:

> * Keep functions and methods small, just a couple of lines, so it is possible to understand what they do with minimal effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keep functions and methods small, just a few of lines, so it is possible to understand what they do with minimal effort.
```
I feel that a "couple of lines" might appear be too limiting to our intent.

  Prioritize the code readability over line count or code performance.
* Don't mix low-level and high-level code in one function.
  Extract functionality to separate functions or convert functions into classes with multiple methods to avoid this.
* If a function contains try/except block, there should be no other logic present apart from exception handling.
* Name variables and functions properly, don't hesitate to use longer identifiers.
  Use explanatory variables to help the code to express itself -
  assign a result of the operation into a variable that describes its meaning even if you intend to use it only once.
* Don't copy-paste code, use e.g. jinja macros to reduce duplication.
  Exception to this rule is code that is identical another piece of code only by coincidence, and there is a substantial probability that the code can diverge.
* Include tests for your contribution.

> * Write comments only and only if there is no chance for the code to explain itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Write comments if and only if there is no chance for the code to explain itself.
```

> * Don't put authorship information into the code, Git tracks everything for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't put authorship information into the code, Git tracks authorship for you.
```

>   Use [SPDX IDs](https://spdx.dev/ids/) for license-related boilerplate in newly written code.

Reviewer 2: Are we suggesting SPDX IDs for _all_ new (code) files or are we saying if a file needs it, we should add it? If the former, should we go back and apply it retroactively? A quick scan of some files in `ssg` and `build-scripts` says they're presently lacking, and IMO, I think the LICENSE in the root of the project applies fine enough to avoid SPDX-ing the project.

Author: Good point, the suggestion's intention was towards "don't copy-paste the whole license".

> * Don't take part in making files longer - files longer than 400 lines should be an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't take part in making files longer - files longer than 250 lines should be an exception.
```
Currently, Code Climate is set to a 250 LOC limit, we can change that to 400 if you think that is a better limit.

Author: So I would converge gradually, so let's set the limit to 400, and then restrict it further when there is a lower amount of findings.

Reviewer: Sounds good; I will get a PR up with the code climate config.

Reviewer: See #8785

  Add your new code into a new file, and possibly move existing code to it in the same or in a follow-up PR.

> When working with old code that doesn't satisfy those recommendations at all, simply leave the code in a better shape than the shape in which it was before,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with existing code that doesn't satisfy these recommendations, simply leave the code in a better shape than the shape in which it was before,
```
